Introduce yourself
Tell me something about your project
Have you worked on any application monitoring tool
how will you troubleshoot 501 error
What is the difference between ls -a and ls -al command
What is the difference between S3 and EBS.
What is IAM
What is Amazon RDS
What is multiple inheritance
What is the difference between useradd and group add command
Tell me about yourself?
Question based on role of your job?
What was the exact project on which website or application u worked?
What specific services that you have used?
What are the challenges u have faced while using the service?
What is s3?
What is EBS?
Architecture of web-application in detail
Difference between http and https?
Sql queries: Write any query
Write any query with filter condition
Write a query to display the records which have salary more than average salary
Tell me about yourself
Which scripting language you have used
Trouble Shooting
How many projects you have worked
Have you worked on AZURE
What is your laptops configuration and OS version
What type of language developers have used in frontend/backend
API status codes and what you know in API’s
Do you have any knowledge on Network Configuration
What is http/https and port no.
TCP/UDP , DNS , CDN
What is the latest version of Linux/ubuntu
A->suppose you are on night shift and no one is there in your company and you get the one ticket and you are not in position to solve that problem how you handle the client.
B->suppose you are working in ticket and your manager come to you assign the new task and both the task are in high priority what you will do.
C-> so your are on bench what you are doing on bench for last three months?
D-> suppose you are working in TestYantra as a DevOps engineer and the director of TestYantra ask you something about the project and you are not involve on that project how you will answer that question?
E->what is the last technology that you learned in TestYantra?
D-> have you tried for any certification in DevOps technology if no why?
How you configure CI/CD to deploy your application with the help of docker & K8S
Tell me about yourself
explain your project architecture.
what role were you doing in monitoring
have you configured the resources
router has how many ports and which port is used for what purpose
if your manager fired you without any reason, will you come to the office next day, what would be your approach.
suppose you are alone at night shift, and all the vm's got down, what will you do if no one is available for help.
what is the configuration of your laptop
what is the version of operating system that you are using
how to insert data in sql
what command is used to see the schema of the table.
what all the basic linux command you know.
What all service have you learnt in azure
